README updates (#923)
Joystream/joystream: runtime/README.md

## Joystream Runtime

![Joystream Runtime](./runtime-banner.svg)

The runtime is the code that defines the consensus rules of the Joystream protocol.
It is compiled to WASM and lives on chain.
Joystream node execute the code's logic to validate transactions and blocks on the blockchain.

When building joystream-node as described in [../node/README.md](../node/README.md) with `cargo build --release`, in addition to the joystream-node binary being built the WASM blob artifact is produced in:

`target/release/wbuild/joystream-node-runtime/joystream_node_runtime.compact.wasm`

### Deployment

Deploying the compiled runtime on a live system can be done in one of two ways:

> 1. Joystream runtime upgrade proposals which will be voted on by the council. When the Joystream platform is live, this will be the only way to upgrade the chain's runtime code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. By creating a proposal for upgrading the Joystream runtime, which will then be voted on by the council. If the proposal is approved, the upgrade will go through after a grace period. When the Joystream platform is live, this will be the only way to upgrade the chain's runtime code.
```

> 2. During development and testnet phases, we can send an extrinsic (transaction signed with the sudo key) invoking `system::setCode()`. This can be done either from the UI/extrinsics app, or directly with an admin script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. By creating  an extrinsic (transaction) signed with the sudo key invoking `system::setCode()`. This can be done either from the [Pioneer](/pioneer) extrinsics tab, or directly with an admin script. This way of upgrading the runtime code is intended for development and testnet phases only.
```
